Improve v2 Migration Guide (#457)
Adyen/adyen-react-native: docs/Configuration.md

## Root configurations

| Parameter | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `environment` | Current Adyen API. Use **test** for debuging. When you are ready to go live, change the value to one of our [live environments](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/drop-in-web#testing-your-integration).  | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `environment` | Current Adyen environment region. Use **test** for debugging. When you are ready to go live, change the value to one of our [live environments](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/drop-in-web#testing-your-integration).  | Yes |
```

Author: Fixed [88ad17c](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-react-native/pull/457/commits/88ad17c8c3df0325c38d3b98e9c1c416cdb7c57d)

> | `clientKey` | A public key linked to your API credential, used for [client-side authentication](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/client-side-authentication). | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientKey` | A public key linked to your API credentials, used for [client-side authentication](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/client-side-authentication). | Yes |
```

Author: Fixed [88ad17c](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-react-native/pull/457/commits/88ad17c8c3df0325c38d3b98e9c1c416cdb7c57d)

| `countryCode` | The shopper's country code in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format. Example: **NL** or **US**. | For `ApplePay` and `GooglePay`. Must be used together with `amount` |
| `shopperLocale` | In the current version, this property only localizes payment method names. The default OS's locale is used for localization. | No |
| `returnUrl` | Url where the shopper should return, after a payment is compleated. Can use [Universal Links](https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/)/[App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links) or Custom URL Schemes. Maximum of 1024 characters.<br><br> - For **iOS**, any means of redirect an be used.<br><br> - For **Android Components**, any means of redirect an be used.<br><br> - For **Android Drop-in**, this value is automatically overridden by `AdyenCheckout`. Also, `await AdyenDropIn.getReturnURL()` can be used to extract a `returnUrl`.  | Yes |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> To show the amount on the **Pay** button both _amount_ and _countryCode_ must be set.

## Analytics

| Parameter | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `enabled` | Enable/Disable all analytics. Defaults to **true**. ⚠️ This feature only available from v68 of Adyen API. | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enabled` | Enable/Disable all analytics. Defaults to **true**. ⚠️ This feature is only available from v68 of Adyen API. | No |
```

Author: Fixed [88ad17c](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-react-native/pull/457/commits/88ad17c8c3df0325c38d3b98e9c1c416cdb7c57d)

| `verboseLogs` | Enable extensive logs from SDK. Helpful during debugging. Defaults to **false**. | No |

## React Native SDK provides the following configurations for components:

### Drop-in

| Parameter | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `showPreselectedStoredPaymentMethod` | Determines whether to enable the preselected stored payment method view step. Defaults to **true**. | No |
| `skipListWhenSinglePaymentMethod` | If set to **true** allow to skip payment methods list step when there is only one non-instant payment method. Defaults to **false**. | No |

> | `title` | Set custom title for preselected stored payment method view Drop-in on iOS. By default app's name used. This property have no effect on Android. | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `title` | Set custom title for preselected stored payment method view of Drop-in on iOS. By default app's name used. This property has no effect on Android. | No |
```

Author: Fixed [45525ec](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-react-native/pull/457/commits/45525eca8c8ee9fbd513d1bdaf10e11e2af23608)
